Name: Nick Jones
Date: 10/18/2019
Project: 05 Space Shooter
Peer's repository: https://github.com/BraffordHunter/05-Space-Shooter


What is something you learned by reviewing your peer's project?
I learned how to take right click input, I haven't done that yet. 

 

What is something you saw in your peer's project that you would like to apply to your own programming projects?
Having two types of guns was a cool idea, switching between swords and fireballs was fun.


What suggestions would you have for your peer to improve his/her code?
I think they lost track of what variables they were using a little in the mouse update section. I was confused
for a minute why sometimes the bullets don't come out of the ship but appear below it, and assuming it wasn't
intentional they just swapped y and x for the section on the second bullet. Similar problem for the fireball 
weapon, but there the problem was that center_x was referenced in place of center_y and vice versa. These two
pieces of code produce the same effect for the bullets though, so it may have been intentional. If they did 
want the bullets to come out of the ship one thing they could do is make the second bullet have a lower y value
than the first, which I implemented here as an example.

What could have been clearer or better commented?
I think the comments are fine, probably most people familiar with python arcade wouldn't have trouble reading
it. 

Was there anything in the code that was confusing to you? If so, what?
I was linked a different repository that didn't have a game in it, but I did eventually find the one I linked 
above which did have the game, so I guess that was a little confusing. The code itself was pretty legible though.

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
Yes it's signed and dated.

What is something he/she could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
I think it explains the game pretty well, and it says what to launch to play. 


Pay a compliment to your peer based on the quality of his/her code.
I like the double weapon idea, and shooting swords at aliens in space is pretty awesome. 